## Essay 1

Spring Festival, a day I'm looking forward to for a long time, should be full of happiness, bustle and laughter. But this year's novel coronavirus is so rampant that I can only stay at home and wear maskes when I go out, and my parents remind me to keep warm and pay attention to personal hygiene every day. The novel coronavirus seemed to have no intention of retreat, but doctors struggled for many days and nights. In these days, I don't know how many people have been killed by the virus, and how many doctors are still fighting against the virus in order to fight the epidemic.

What novel coronavirus, what do you choose to do with humans? What makes such a date come to earth? Why do you want to harm beings?



....





## Essay 2

We are in the new year, but they are passing the customs. In the fear of the virus, they are fearless all the way.

In front of the novel coronavirus, they rushed to the front line, and they were not afraid of difficulties. They are the angels in white from all provinces and cities, and they are the reversers on the road of anti-virus.

Grandfather Zhong Nanshan, 83, could have avoided the danger of the virus and lived in his old age, but he stood up when the people needed him most, just like when the SARS virus broke out 17 years ago.Seventeen years ago, he said firmly, "send all the patients to me!" the firm words shocked the whole world. Over the past 17 years, this heart of serving the people has never changed, and its retrograde aspiration to serve the people's security has never changed.

There are many doctors and nurses. On the new year's Eve, when we have family reunion dinner and the whole family is happy, they leave their families and set foot on the battlefield in Wuhan. These reversers fight for people's safety in the hospital field.

Pay homage to the reversers, revere nature and guard life. They interpret "dedication of love" and "sincerity of great doctors" with persistence and perseverance. We sincerely salute them. Let's fight this war without gunpowder together, and look forward to their early return and family reunion. Let's go to the streets together and share the flowers!