# 考研英语作文模板

[TOC]



## 小作文

### 一、建议信

> 引言（1-2句）：铺陈背景，表明目的。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：罗列两到三点建议，附带理由。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：期望采纳建议。



#### （一）关于让对方改善服务的建议

Dear Sir or Madam,

​	I am ... Generally speaking, the services you offer here are quite good. However, I have some suggestions for you to consider. And I would greatly appreciate your taking my suggestions into consideration.

​	To begin with, will you please ...? Moreover, if you could be so kind as to ..., we would be grateful.

​	I really with to ... Thank you for your time and consideration.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （二）对...解决方案 / 提出措施的建议

Dear Sir or Madam,

​	I am ... Regarding the issue of ..., it is my view that ... is of the utmost significance.

​	To crack this hard nut, I would like to propose several practical recommendations as follows. First and foremost, it is imperative for us to ... In addition, .... Last but not least, ...

​	I hope you will find the above proposals constructive and I would like to discuss this matter in further details. Your prompt attention to my suggestions would be highly appreciate.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right"> Li Ming</p>

#### （三）对朋友寻求建议的答复

Dear Tom,

​	Since you asked for advice on ..., I'd like to offer some constructive proposals as follows.

​	First of all, ... What's more, ... Last but not least, ...

​	I hope that my suggestions are helpful for your decision-making anyway. Whatever you decide to do, good luck with your studies / works.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



> - **开篇段**
>   - I am writting this letter on behalf of ... to make some suggestions with regard to ...
>   - It is my pleasure to offer you some advice on ...
>   - I am writting this letter to suggest to you that ...
> - **中间段**
>   - My suggestions are as follows.
>   - I propose that ... This will save you money and worry.
>   - I hereby suggest you to ... Also, ... might be useful. There are some important points that I wanted to mention. I am sure if ..., you will ... 
> - **结尾段**
>   - I hope this suggestion is of benefit to you. I will be delighted to speak to you if you require additional imformation.
>   - I hope you will find these proposals practical.
>   - I hope that you will take my suggestions into serious account.
>   - Your prompt attention to my suggestions would be highly appreciated.
>   - I you wish to know more, please call me at ...
>   - Hope you take these suggestions positively and improve your services as soon as possible.





### 二、邀请信

> 引言（1-2句）：表明目的，发出邀请。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：介绍活动安排，说明邀请原因。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：欢迎光临，表达期待。

#### （一）邀请长辈 / 教授参加某活动 / 会议并告知其细节（公务信函）

Dear professor Smith,

​	I am very pleased to inform you that our university is organizing a ... ceremony. You are cordially invited to participated in this significant event as a special guest. The details about the ceremony are as follows.

​	First and foremost, the ceremony will be hold in (地点) on (日期) from (开始时间) to (结束时间). In addition, ...

​	It would be a great honor for us to have the accompany of you in the ... ceremony. Therefore, we all hope that you can spare your time to attend it and we are looking forward to your reply to tell us whether you can attend it or not on that day. If you accept this invitation, please advise us of your time of arrival, so that we can make necessary arrangements.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （二）邀请同学/朋友参加私人举办的小型活动（私人信函）

Dear fellow classmate,

​	Our class is to hold a charity sale to raise money for those children who are in need of help on January 5, 2014. As the monitor of our class, I'm calling on all students to take part in the sale.

​	We ask you to donate as much as you can to fund we have set up to cover these children's tuition fees and other expenses. Unless we can raise sufficient money, those poor kids won't be able to afford to finish their education.

​	As a nation renowned worldwide for its many virtues, China and its people have been giving a helping hand to those who are in distress throughout history. It's our duty to provide as much support as we can to those in need. Please contribute generously.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

> - 开篇段
>   - We hope you will join us for a ...
>   - We cordially invite you to attend ...
>   - You are cordially invited to ...
>   - We would like to invite you to attend the ... located at (place) on (date).
> - 中间段
>   - The event is prepared in the intention to ...
>   - This exhibition aims to ...
>   - The event will be held in (place) from (time) to (time).
>   - For the convenience of everybody the timings have been fixed from (time) to (time).
> - 结尾段
>   - We would appreciate it if you can attend this event as you are ...
>   - We hope to see you there.
>   - We look forward to seeing you at (place) on (date).
>   - We will surely look forward to your gracious presence that day.



### 三、答复信

#### （一）对别人咨询信息的细节答复

Dear Tom,

​	I am exceedingly delighted to receive your letter in which you inquired something about the ... As a member of the project, I am writting you this letter for the purpose of informing you some of the necessary information.

​	The details of the project are as follows. Firstly, ... Secondly, ... Lastly, ...

​	If you have any question about this project, please contact me without any hesitation at (email address).

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （二）对别人邀请的答复之接受

Dear Williams,

​	I am extremely honored to accept your invitation to give a presentation to a host of foreign students on Chinese culture.

​	Here are the key points of my presentation. First of all, ... In addition, ...

​	My appreciate to you for your generious help is beyond words. I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （三）对别人邀请的答复之拒绝

Dear Tom,

​	Thank you for your offer of spending the summer in ... Unfortunately, I have to say no.

​	The problem lies with my studies. I have almost completed my Bachelor paper, but my supervisor wants me to rewrite the final three chapters. This isn't a big problem, except that my scholarship ends in September. Therefore, if I don't complete the thesis before then. I will be faced with a lot of expenses. I have asked the university to extend my scholarship, but they told me they are unable to do so.

​	In the meantime, drop me a line and let me know that your work schedule is. That way I can visit you during your next vacation. I am looking forward to seeing you. 

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

### 四、道歉信

> 引言（1-2句）：陈述背景，表明歉意。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：适当解释，提出建议。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：再次表示歉意，请求谅解。

#### （一）因做错事向某人道歉

Dear Tom,

​	I am writting this letter to express my sincere apologies to you.

​	To begin with, ... Unfortunately, ...To solve the problem, I would like to ... 

​	Once again, please accept my sincere apologies for any inconveniences that I have caused. I hope this will settle the matter to your satisfaction.Please excuse me for not being able to inform you of my situation sooner.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （二）因行程冲突 / 推迟安排向某人道歉

Dear Sir,

​	I am looking forward to ... on (date). Unfortunately, I have recently been diagnosed with a serious ... which will require surgery on the same day as our meeting / interview.

​	I am sorry to say that I will therefore not be able to make the interview / meeting. If possible, I would like to postpone the ... to another day later in ... I promise that such a situation does not usually happen, and apologize for any inconvience this may cause you.

​	Please excuse me for not being able to inform you of my situation sooner. Your prompt attention to my suggestion would be highly appreciated.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

> - 开篇段
>   - I want to write you a lette to apologize.
>   - I want to apologize for ...
>   - Please accept my sincere apology for ...
>   - Please accept this letter as my formal apology for what happend on (location / event / issue)...
> - 中间段
>   - It was not my intention to cause any damage or inconvenience.
>   - In retrospect, I believe the situation resulted from...
>   - While this is by no means an excuse for my behavior/what happened, knowing the cause will help me guard against future mistakes.
>   - I would try to offer an explanation for what I did, but there are no excuses.
>   - Would it be convenient for you if ... ?
>   - Would you prefer to ...?
>   - Would you mind if I ...?
> - 结尾段
>   - I sincerely thank you for hearing me out. Again, I am sorry for what happened.
>   - I look forward to hearing from you and putting this matter behind us.
>   - Again, I deeply apologize for the problems my actions caused, and I hope I can work to make it right.
>   - I will ..., but in the meantime I ask you please to accept my sincere apologies.
>   - I am sorry to ..., and hope that this has not caused you any great inconvenience.
>   - I can't expect your forgiveness, though I certainly hope for it. All I can say is that I truly want things to be okey between us.



### 五、辞职信

Dear Mr. Wang,

​	I am very grateful to have been employed by you for the past two months as an ... for your company. I appreciate the opportunity of having worked here with you and my other colleagues. The experiences I had here are ones I will not forget for my entire life.

​	However, as a young woman whose primary interest is in computer science rather than fashion design, I have found that my present job doesn't fall in with my previous training and strength. I have therefore decided to quite this job to pursue other opportunities that may conform better to my educational background.

​	Please accept my sincere apologies for any inconveniences any leaving may cause.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



### 六、推荐信

> 引言（1-2句）：自我介绍，写清目的。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：介绍所推人或物的能力或特质，附加阐释。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：结尾套话，表示期待。

#### （一）推荐一个旅游景点

Dear professor,

​	Welcome to Leshan! I am writting this email to recommend some scenic spots in Leshan to you so that you can have a wonderful time here.

​	First of all, you could have a visit to the EMei Mountain, which was included in the UNESCO world hesitage in 1996. It is one of the "Four Famous Buddhist Mountains" in China, with steep terrain and beautiful scenery. You can appreciate the Buddhist culture and unlimited natural scenery there. After that, it is advisable to go to the Giant Buddha, which rests his feet where there river - the Minjiang, Qingyi and Dadu - join. It is the largest sitting Buddha in the world with 70.7 meters high. Finally, Leshan is famous for its delicious food. You can just go around the downtown area and you can find many characteristic local restaurants.

​	I sincerely hope that you could enjoy yourself in Leshan and it will be my pleasure to be your guide.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （二）推荐一本书

Dear friends,

​	As the host of the club reading session, I am writting this email to recommend to you my favourite book, Three Body, which is written by CiXin Liu.

​	The primary cause of my recommendation are as follows. To begin with, the three body trilogy tells the story of the rise and fall of the earth civilization in the universe. The novel involving human history, physics, astronomy, social science and philosophy, deeply discuss the humanity from the perspective of science fiction. In addition, the novel has a huge structure and lofty conception, and is known as the most prominent contemporary science fiction in China. It is a milestone in the Chinese science fiction literature, and will push China's science fiction to the world.

​	I hope the above information will help you to understand the book. It's my pleasure if you could read this novel and enjoy its wonderfulness.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （三）推荐一部电影

Dear Tom, 

​	Since you asked me to recommend some films I like, I'm writting this email to recommend to you my favourite film, Interstellar, which was directed by Christopher Nolan.

​	The primary causes of my recommendation are as follows. To begin with, in my opinion, Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors in the world. If his last film "Inception" left a deep impression on you, the "Interstellar" won't make you disappointed. In addition, the movie showed the scene of the earth's end and human beings' trying to surviving by moving to other planets. I personally think the main line of this film is family bond. In the atmosphere of earth not suitable for human habitation, the family bond became more thought-provoking. This movie arouse our attention and reflection about how to protect our earth and live with people we loved.

​	I hope you would like the film. If you need any further information about this movie, please do not hesitate to contact me. 

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



#### （四）推荐一位名人

Dear Friends,

​	I am writting the email to introduce one of the most prestigious Chinese celebrities to you, Confucius.

​	Being a great thinker, educator and founder of Confucianism, Confucius is an ancient sage during the Spring and Autumn Period. His words and life story were recorded by his disciples and their students in The Analects. As an enduring classic of ancient Chinese culture, The Analects has influenced all thinkers, writers and politicians in the over-2000-year-long history of China after Confucius. No scholar could truly understand this long-standing culture or the inner world of the ancient Chinese without this book.

​	Much of Confucian thought on Heaven and people represents universal human values. This is perhaps why confucian thought in the 21th century still remains the interest of not only the Chinese people but also in other parts of the world.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



> - 开篇段
>   - You asked for my opinion on... I am writting to you to recommend...
>   - This letter serves to recommend xxx for employment.
>   - I am pleased to recommend xxx for the position of ...
>   - It is my pleasure to recommend xxx as ...
>   - At your request, I evaluated several ... to determine which one you should purchase. I believe that ... will best serve your needs at the price you budgeted.
> - 中间段
>   - I was impressed that xxx...
>   - You will also be impressed with his/her...
>   - xxx is one of the most pleasant persons you'll ever meet or work with.
>   - The characteristic that is most commendable in xxx is ...
>   - I strongly recommend ... to you because I am sure...
> - 结尾段
>   - For all of these reasons, I think xxx will make a fine addition to your team.
>   - Without reservation, I recommend him/her highly for your program.
>   - Should you have any questions, I invite you to contact me at ...



### 七、投诉信

#### （一）对于服务的投诉

 Dear Sir or Madam,

​	As a regular (consumer) of ..., I am severely disappointed to find that the service you have recently provided is far from satisfactory. Therefore, I am writting this letter to draw your attention to the matter in the hope that the present situation can be improved.

​	First of all, I will appreciate it very much if you could ... I understand you will give immediate attention to this matter. In addition, ...

​	I believe you will take this matter into serious consideration and give a satisfactory reply as soon as possible. At the same time, I sincerely hope that you will review your management system. I would be glad to see improvements in your ... service.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#### （二）对于产品质量的投诉

Dear Sir or Madam,

​	I bought an ... from your ... store on (date), but after using it for a short period of time, I found it has some problems.

​	To begin with, ... needs recharging after a mere 2 hours of use. This means that I need to carry my charger with me when I go out for a day. In additon, the buttons on the ... are so small that it is nearly impossible to type anything with them. Personally, I find this to be completely unacceptable.

​	Therefore, I would like either to change for another model that works better or a full refund. I must have your fully understand that without a satisfying solution. I will reserve my right to take legal action. Your help is greatly appreciate.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

### 八、申请信

> 引言（1-2句）：表明目的，陈述申请或请求的内容。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：罗列两三点内容，表明请求的细节或说明自身资格。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：期望请求被允许。

#### （一）求职

Dear Mr Byron,

​	I am a senior from the department of ... I am writting the letter for the purpose of applying for your recetly advertised position for a ...

​	I believe I am well qualified for this position for several reasons. Firstly, enclosed with this letter is my resume, which details my previous academic qualifications and work experiences. Secondly, not only do my qualifications and experience make me a perfect candidate, but my cheerful personality is also well suited to working as a staff member. Lastly, my hobbies include ... and ...

​	I would appreciate if you could grant me an interview so that I could explain, in person and in more details, the relevance of my educational background and working experiences.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



#### （二）求学

Dear Sir or Madam,

​	I would like to apply for admission to the master's program in ... at your graduate school, beginning in the fall of 2020.

​	In the summer of 2020, I will graduate as a bachelor of ... from ... , china, where I major in ... I have completed all the required undergraduate courses with satisfactory scores. Official copies of my transcript and of my TOEFL and GRE scores are being sent separately from the offices concerned. Three recommendation letters are also being sent by my professors. As I do not have the funds to finance my education, I will be applying for an application fee waiver and full financial support from the university to cover my tuition and living expenses.

​	I look forward to your reply. Please do not hesitate to contact me if any further supporting documents are needed for consideration of my application. You can contact me by email at ... Thank you for your kind assistance in this matter.

<p align="right">Your sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



> - 开头段
>   - I am writting to apply for ...
>   - From the ... website I learned about your need for a ... I am very interested in this position, and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position.
>   - I would like to apply for the ... positon advertised in ...
> - 中间段
>   - The key strengths that I possess for success in this position include: ...
>   - With my ... background, my training in ... and my work experience, I believe I could make a valuable contribution to ...
>   - My experience also includes...
>   - I believe my combination of ... experience and ... training is an excellent match for the position.
>   - I believe that my strong ... will make me a very competitive condidate for this position.
> - 结尾段
>   - Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you.
>   - I look forward to talking with you regarding... Thank you very kindly for your consideration.
>   - Thank you very much for your consideration. I look forward to receiving your reply.



### 九、感谢信

> 引言（1-2句）：介绍事由，表明目的。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：罗列感谢原因（收信人提供的具体帮助），表达自身感受。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：再次感谢，期望回报。

Dear Tom,

​	I am writting the letter to express my gratitude for your warm reception in the cultural exchange program. You and your family left a deep impression upon me. Indeed, the program is one of the most wonderful memories in my life.

​	Thank you very much for those three wonderful weeks in your house. Every moment was a delight. I can't remember ever having enjoyed myself so throughly elsewhere. Everything was just perfect: the weather, the company, the beautiful surroundings - no wonder I find it difficult to get down to read this morning.

​	I hope you know how much I appreciate your hospitality and your many kindness to me. I count myself fortunate indeed to have such a generous and charming friend like you. I hope something will bring you to China soon so that I can reciprocate your kindness. 

<p align="right">Your sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

> - 开篇段
>   - I am writting to express my gratitude for your time and consideration in support of my endeavors. Your perspective and encouragement mean a great deal to me. 
>   - On behalf of ..., I express heartfelt thanks for all you do.
> - 中间段
>   - We appreciate your unfailing attention to detail and several participants commented on how well the event was organized.
>   - We are grateful for the time and effort you took to share your thoughts and experiences with us. Thanks again for a truly memorable evening.
>   - I hope I can reciprocate the favor.
>   - I want to express my deepest gratitude to you for the recommendation you made on my behalf. I'll do my best to deserve your confidence.
> - 结尾段
>   - I can't thank you enough for ...
>   - If I can be of any service to you in the future, please don't hesitate to contact me.
>   - We hope you will accept the enclosed token of our gratitude.



### 十、祝贺信

> 引言（1-2句）：简述事由，表明写作目的。
>
> 主体（3-4句）：详述成果，回顾历程并发出赞扬；可对进一步发展提出适当建议。
>
> 结尾（1-2句）：再次祝贺，表达期望。

Dear Tom,

​	I'm so glad to hear that you have (received an offer / received your doctorate) in (major) from .... University. Congratulations! I know this meant years of study and hard work on your part, and it is an achievement you can well be proud of. I feel extremely happy for you.

​	I have followed your progress with pleasure and interest for many years, and I am sure, from the fine record you have made, that you will be a success in whatever you undertake. No doubt you are tired after the strain of the past few months, and if you would like to come to my hometown for a few weeks this summer, we'd like to be very happy to have you. 

​	I'd certainly enjoy hearing about you plans, now that you have completed your college course. Think it over, and let me down.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



> - 开篇段
>   - I am very happy today to hear the news that ... Hereby I am writting this letter to you to congratulate you on this achievement.
> - 中间段
>   - This only could be achieved by your hard work and talent. You really deserve...
>   - Today all your persistence and hard work has paid off.
>   - I am congratulating you from the bottom of my heart.
>   - I'm so proud of you for setting your sights high, and making every effort to achieve that goal.
> - 结尾段
>   - Please accept my heartiest congratulations to you.
>   - Many congratulations for your achievement and best wishes for future growth as well!



### 十一、咨询信

Dear Sir or Madam,

​	I am a newly-arrived overseas student from China, who is currently studying in the Department of Computer Science. The university is totally new to me. Therefore I am writting to ask whether there is a club or community suitable for me to join.

​	I wonder if there is a swimming club in our university for me to attend. If so, what do I have to do to become a member of it? What kinds of activities are available to the members? Another aspect I am concerned about is the membership fee. I hope you can kindly furnish me with detailed information regarding the above mentioned questions.

​	Thank you for your time and consideration. I sincerely hope that you can give me a reply at your earliest convenience.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

### 十二、告示

> 第一段（1-2句）：表明写作目的。
>
> 第二段（3-5句）：介绍具体信息（包括时间、地点、活动内容、出席对象、注意事项等）
>
> 第三段（1-2句）：表明期待参与；（必要时）提供联系方式。

<p align="center">Notice</p>

<p align="right">December 25, 2020</p>

​	Welcome to our university! As a librarian, I would like to provide you with detailed information as regards our library.

​	To begin with, since computers are used by all major libraries to streamline cataloguing, we have access to the Internet via computers. In addition, last semester, we replaced all the outdated facilities in order to provide more convenience for readers. Last but not least, we have just prolonged the opening hours of our library, which are now from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.

​	In the end, we are so glad to hear that you have taken the opportunity to study in our university. I am sure you will have a wonderful time here.

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



> - This is to notify that ... is organizing ... on (date).
> - All individuals are hereby informed that a legislation regarding ... has been approved.
> - Please pay close attention to this announcement.
> - For any clarification or enquiry, contact xxx at (phone number).
> - If you need more information / For further details, please contact us that (phone number).
> - If you are interested in this position, you can send your resume to (email address).



## 大作文

### 两组图片对比之揭露社会现象

​	As is vividly depicted in the cartoon, there are two ... with totally different .... In the left picture, the ... who is .... (do sth). On the contrary, in the right portrayal, the ... is... And below the cartoon, there is a caption which says... 

​	The symbolic meaning of the picture is to show us that importance should be attached to...

​	Hence, ..., the thought-provoking social phenomenon, is a double-edged sword which can exert profound influence for either good or bad on the growth of young people. As far as I am concerned, It is imperative for us to take effective actions.  In addition, proper guidance and protection of adults and schools are vital to teenagers. Only in this way can we ... and make our world  ... and ... 

> 【统计事实】
>
> ​	According to the recent survey / data / figure / statistics / study by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, 70% of teenagers in China worship superstars.

> 【正反论证】
>
> ​	On the one hand, there is no denying that (the Internet) is currently one of the most efficient media used for interpersonal communication. 
>
> ​	But on the other hand, a good many people admit that they are too adicted to the Internet to maintain face-to-face contact with their friends and colleagues. Once having indulged in the fictitious world, people feel reluctant to approach others and to concentrate on their real life. That's why some people have lost their communication ability and become alienated from others.



### 两组图片对比之呼吁环境保护

​	As is vividly depicted in the cartoon, there are two ... with totally different .... In the left picture, the ... who is .... (do sth). On the contrary, in the right portrayal, the ... is... And below the cartoon, there is a caption which says... 

​	The symbolic meaning of the picture is to show us that importance should be attached to...

​	As a consequence, it is imperative for us to take effective actions. To begin with, relevant laws and regulations should be made to severely punish those who... In addition, we should cultivate the awareness of the young that... Only in this way can we ... and make our world multidimensional, colorful and vigorous.

> 【示例1 - 过度捕捞】	
>
> ​	The purpose of the picture is to tell us that due attention has to be paid to the reduction in occean resources. Owing to the over-exploitation of marine resources, the number of fish has been declining at an acceleration rate. If we let this situation continue as it is, we do not know how severely fish populations will be harmed in the future. By that time, our environment may have suffered a great destruction.
>
> ​	Hence, it is imperative for us to take drastic measures to reverse the disturbing trend illustrated in the above pictures. For one thing, we should appeal to the authorities to make strict laws to control (commercial fishing). For another, we should cultivate public's awareness that occean resources are of great significance to us. Only in these ways can we protect our natural environment. I believe that  if these steps are taken, we humans can surmount the challenge we face and will have a brilliant future.

> 【示例2 - 城市化】
>
> ​	The human history has been considered as a course of man's migration from the country to the city, so urbanization is seen as a symbol of human civilization. Nevertheless, as is shown in the cartoon, as we enjoy the convenience of urban life, we also have to suffer many problem that urbanization brings to us. Among them, the environmental pollution is one of the most serious.
>
> ​	To begin with, the explosion of city population causes harm to our natural environment. The growing urban population damages the ecosystem with a huge amount of household rubbish. Rubbish hills dumped on the outskirts are a case in point. Even if people bury or burn the waste, it may bring about soil or air pollution. Furthermore, hundreds of tons of waste water from factories are contaminating city rivers day and night. Gone are the days when people enjoyed swimming in the river and fishing on the bank. Sometimes, worse still, untreated sewage pouring from chemical factories directly poisons urban water supply. Drinkable water has become a rare resource, and people have to take in somewhat polluted water. Then one of its results has been the emergence of many new diseases and more and more cancer cases.
>
> ​	Accordingly, it is imperative for us to take drastic measures. For one thing, we should  appeal to the authorities to make strict laws to control urbanization. For another, we should enhance the awareness of people that sustainable development is extremely vital to us.





### 两组图片对比之阐述人生哲理

​	As is vividly depicted in the cartoon, there are two ... with totally different ....  In the left picture, the ... who is .... (do sth). On the contrary, in the right portrayal, the ... is...  And below the cartoon, there is a caption which says... 

​	The symbolic meaning of the picture is to show us that ... is of great importance in our currently society.

​	On the basis of the analysis above, we may draw a conclusion that... really count in this competing society. As far as I am concerned, what we should do is to learn to ... I assume every hard nut can be cracked if we ... Only in this way can we ...

> 【分类论证】
>
> ​	To begin with, people who know how to (form good habits) will be able to ensure strong academic performance. As an illustration, those students who prioritize their commitments, schedule their time reasonably and avoid procrastination are certain to make steady gains in their grades.
>
> ​	What's more, (forming excellent habits) can help us to develop confidence and to maintain a healthy mental state.
>
> ​	In other words, (forming good habits) can play a key role in keeping us spiritually fit and reducing the pressure and anxiety that accompany modern life for most people.

> 【举例说明】
>
> ​	Creativity and innovation are the keys to modern success. Take Steve Jobs for example, he did not construct the first Apple computer with the aid of just textbooks and manuals. These innovators used their education and creativity to harness their idea into international advances.

> 【正反论证】
>
> ​	To begin with, thinking positively or negatively may lead to different outcomes. Thinking positively is the key to success.
>
> ​	When we start to do a thing, we may meet some situation that is not what we want or even the worst we can ever imagine. At this time, if we think negatively, we may give up the hope that we can do it well at the distance of one step from the success.
>
> ​	On the contrary, with positive thinking, we will be able to confront the difficulty and never give up until we acquire the success.
>
> ​	What's more, thinking negatively may result in unbelievable damage. In real life, we always meet some barries as we grow up. Some people cannot face the hardship in their lives and end up killing themselves.



### 两组图片对比之揭示家庭关系

​	As is vividly depicted in the cartoon, there are two ... with totally different .... In the left picture, the ... who is .... (do sth). On the contrary, in the right portrayal, the ... is... And below the cartoon, there is a caption which says... 

​	The symbolic meaning of the picture is to show us that importance should be attached to...

​	On the basis of the analysis above, we may draw a conclusion that... really count in thie .... society. As far as I am concerned, what we should do is to learn to ... Only in this way can we...

> 【分类论证1】
>
> ​	For one thing, we have inherited this world from our parents and grandparents. If not for the hard work of the past generations, including the aged among us, the modern society that we enjoy today would not have been possible.
>
> ​	For another, the senior citizens have worked hard to provide for their families, for our society and for younger generatious. The majority of them have struggeled to create better living and working conditions for posterity.

> 【分类论证2】
>
> ​	On the one hand, parents tech much more by their actions than ty their words. Some of them may say to their children, "don't say four-letter words about so and so", but before no long the children may hear them criticize their friends and neighbors with bad language.
>
> ​	On the other hand, parenting is such a crucial responsibility, yet there are no required courses to prepare one to undertake this role in life. The only learning children have is the example from their own parents.