# 考研英语高分写作素材大全

[TOC]

## 第一章 考研写作四大必考话题



## 第二章 社会热点类

### 第一节 健康



### 第二节 两代关系



### 第三节 职业道德



### 第四节 社会公德



### 第五节 经济



### 第六节 管理



### 第七节 交通



## 第三章 教育文化类

### 第一节 教育

#### 一、教育目的

##### （一）两大原因

A trend that has existed for many years is that increasing numbers of young people wish to attend college or universities. This is as true in China as it is in the United States. Surprisingly, however, an increasing number of older people in the U.S. are returning back to school, to continue their education. The reasons for these two trends are several, including wanting to find new experiences, career preparation and obtaining increased knowledge. Let's look more closely at the two main reasons. 

##### （二）就业背景

It has long been an accepted fact that a college or university degree is a pre-requisite for a promising career, or for finding a good job. Having a career implies a progression in one's work life, whereby one can progress into increasingly responsible positions with a commensurate increase in pay. In our highly competitive society, whether one is in China or the U.S., it can be said that it is impossible for a person to find a good job with a promising future without at least a college degree. Even this is not always enough, and increasingly more and more young people are continueing on for their graduate degrees.

##### （三）竞争喜好

The reasons many older people in the U.S. are returning back to school to continue their education, even though they already have their college or university degree, are several. One reason is to remain competitive in the workplace. Often they are holding a full-time job and feel the need to attend night school to get their master's degree, be it an MBA or a Master's degree in computer science. Another reason is simply for their own gratification and enjoyment, to increase their knowledge in a variety of subjects they never had the time or chance to study while in college. 

##### （四）获得智慧

In reality, it is the hope of a well-paid job, together with a high social status that provides most young people with the impetus to study. The government also tends to see higher education as a course of training for future workers. Despite the popularity of the idea, I want to advance argument to the contrary. I sometimes wonder that if there is no sense of responsibility for society, how can one be expected to apply acquired knowledge wisely? In focusing upon knowledge rather than upon wisdom, modern education is missing out what is of most value.



#### 二、网络教育

##### （一）获取信息

Computers can access more reference materials and information than any group of books. Unlike a book that is finite in content, a computer can connect to the Internet and download an infinite amount of materials or information. In addition, a book can become outdated after a year, but a computer can retrieve up-to-the-minute information on any subject.

##### （二）长期使用

Computers can continuously serve a broader section of the student body. Not every student uses the library and certainly not continuously. Moreover, those that do might only use the books that suit their research topics, and only when requiries exist. Conversely, computers can be used by any student to do research, to prepare homework assignments, to view instructive programs, to play educational games, etc.

##### （三）必备工具

Computers are the requisite instruments of the future. Almost all businesses use computers. Practically every technological advance is somehow tied to the computer. Knowledge of its many uses is essential to eventual success in college and in the job market. Having computers in school will help to make the students computer-literate. Moreover, many new methods of teaching rely on the computer skill. For example, during the SARS crisis, students had to stay at home for over a month and attend classes by computer and television. If it were not for computers, the students would not have been able to continue with their lessons. 

##### （四）网络作业

Some teachers are also beginning to allow their students to do work on computers. This enables each student to work at his or her own pace, and, indeed, the Internet can be an excellent tool for research. Unfortunately, many students are tempted to do just about everything but research when they have access to the Internet. Students may ask themselves: "why bother doing homework when I can listen to music, watch videos, read the news, and check my email —— all at the same time?" It is difficult to force students to use computers responsibly, so unless the teacher is able to carefully monitor each student, allowing them to use computers may do more harm than good. 



### 第二节 文化交流



### 第三节 流行文化





## 第四章 人生哲学类

### 第一节 独立



### 第二节 坚持



### 第三节 自信与乐观



### 第四节 合作



### 第五节 选择



### 第六节 其他





## 第五章 环境保护类

### 第一节 环境保护



### 第二节 环境污染