# 英语写作常用表达

[TOC]

## 一、连词

### （一）段落开头

- As far as ... is concerned 就...而言
- As the proverb goes 有句谚语说到...
- What calls for special attention is that ... 值得引起特别注意的是... 

### （二）表示举例

- for instance / example 例如
- An interesting example is that ... 一个有趣的例子是...
- As is shown by the case of ... 正如同... 的例子说明，...

### （三）表对比和转折

- conversely 相反的是
- on the contrary 恰恰相反
- similarly 与之相似的是...
- whereas... 可是

### （四）表因果

- Consequently, ... 所以，...的结果
- Owing to ... 因为...
- Thanks to ...因为/多亏
- Therefore... 所以
- lead to 导致
- lie in 在于

### （五）表递进和补充

- furthermore 还有
- in addition 另外
- what's more 另外

### （六）表强调

- more importantly, 更重要的是
- Undoubtedly 毫无疑问

### （七）表结论

- To make a long story short, ... 简而言之
- Therefore, we have every reason to believe that ... 所以我们有理由相信...
- To sum up... 总之
- To summarize ... 总之



## 二、句型

### （一）表示原因

- The reasons for this are as follows.
- The reason for this is not far to seek.

### （二）表示好处

- It has the following advantages.
- It is beneficial to us.
- It is of great benefit to us.

### （三）表示坏处

- It has more disadvantages than advantages.
- It does us much harm.
- It is harmful to us.

### （四）表示重要/必要/困难/方便/可能

- It is important / necessary / difficult / convenient / possible for sb. to do sth.
- We think it necessary to do sth.
- It plays an important role in our life.

### （五）表示措施

- We should try our best to overcome / conquer the difficulties.
- We should do our utmost in doing sth.
- We should solve the problems that we are confronted / faced with.

### （六）表示变化

- Some changes have taken place in the past five years.
- A great change will certainly be produced in the world's communications.

### （七）表示事实、现状

- We cannot ignore the fact that ...
- No one can deny the fact that ...
- This is a phenomenon that many people are interested in.

### （八）表示比较

- Compared with A, B ...
- I prefer to read rather than watch TV.
- There is a striking contrast between them.

### （九）表示看法

- People have / take / adopt / assume different attitudes towards sth.



## 三、例句

### （一）段首句

- There is an old saying .... It is the experience of our forefathers, however, it is correct in many cases even today. 
- Today, ..., which have brought a lot of harms in our daily life. First, ... Second, .... What makes things worse is that ....
- .... has become a hot topic among people, especially among the young and heated debates are right on their way.
- ... has been playing an increasingly important role in our day-to-day life. It has brought us a lot of benefits but has created some serious problems as well.
- "Why do .... ?" many people often ask questions like this.
- The importance of .... cannot be overemphasized.
- In my opinion / To my mind / As far as I am concerned / I am of the opinion that ...
- As far as my knowledge is concerned, ...
- According to my personal experience, / Based on my personal experience, ...
- In the age of information and communication, ... plays an important role.
- In today's industrial society, ... is indispensable to life.
- Nothing in the world can delight me so much as ...



### （二）中间段落句

- On the contrary, there are some people in favor of ... At the same time , they say ...
- But I don't think it is a very good way to solve ... For example, ... Worst of all, ...
- ... is necessary and important to our countries development and construction. First, ... What's more, ... Most important of all, ...
- Confronted with ..., we should take a series of effective measures to ... For one thing, ... For another, ...
- We need to live a regular life. That is, we can keep good hours and refrain from smoking and drinking in the daily activities.
- For this reason / For this purpose, ...
- However, it is a pity that ...
- It may be true as assumed by others, but I don't. I believe that...
- In this light, if ... , there can surely be no doubt that ...
- What is more serious is that ...



### （三）结尾句

- In conclusion, I believe that .... We can ... only if ...., just as a proverb says ...
- As a popular saying goes, .... In my opinion, what really counts is not ..., but ..... I believe that as long as ..., we will... So I am of the opinion that ...
- From what has been discussed above, we may reasonably arrive at the conclusion that ...
- All in all, we cannot live without ... But at the same time, we must try to find out new ways to cope with the problems that would arise.
- Only by living up to the three requirements, can we..
- This evidence shows that the importance of ... cannot be overemphasized.
- If we can do as mentioned above, there can be no doubt that...
- We, therefore, can make clear from the above discussion that...

