# Part A

## 2019

> Suppose you are working for the "Aiding rural Primary School" project of your university write an email to answer the inquiry from an international student volunteer, specifying the details of the project.

Dear William,

​		I am exceedingly delighted to receive your letter in which you inquired something about the "Aiding Rural Primary Schools". As a member of the project, I am writing you this letter for the purpose of informing you some of the necessary information.

​		First and foremost, the theme of the project is to help those rural primary schools in remote areas by arranging some activities, such as sending various kinds of books about different aspects to those lovely students, which can not only broaden their horizon and enrich their life, but also cultivate their ability of thinking and learning independently and critically. In addition, the volunteers should have the character of diligence, coupled with an optimistic and pleasant personality, which will assure them of positive attitude when facing some setbacks during the process of these activities.

​		If you have any question about this project, please contact me without any hesitation at aidingruralprimaryschools@edu.cn.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



## 2018

> Write an email to all international experts on campus inviting them to attend the graduation ceremony. In your email you should include time, place and other relevant information about the ceremony.

Dear professer,

​		I am very pleased to inform you that our university is organizing a graduation ceremony. You are cordially invited to participate in this significant event as a special guest. The details about the ceremony are as follows.

​		First and foremost, the ceremony will be held in the stadium on 12th, December from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. In addition, it would be a great honor for us if you could give the diploma to us on the stage. Please dress the suit to the ceremony.

​		We all hope that you can spare your time to attend it and we are looking forward to your reply to tell us whether you can attend it or not. If you accept this invitation, please advise us of your time of arrival, so that we can make necessary arrangements.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



## 2017

> You are to write an email to James Cook, a newly-arrived Australian professor, recommending some tourist attractions in your city. Please give reasons for you recommendation.

Dear professor,

​		Welcome to Leshan. I am writing this email to recommend some scenic spots in Leshan to you so that you could have a wonderful time here.

​		First of all, you could have a visit to EMei Mountain, which was included in the UNESCO world hesitage. It is one of the Four Famous Buddhist Mountains in China, with steep terrain and beautiful scenery. After that, it is advisable to go to the Giant Buddha, which rests his feet where three rivers - the MinJiang, QingYi and Dadu - join. It is the largest sitting Buddha in the world with 70.0 meters high. Finally, Leshan is famous for its delicious food. You can just go around the downtown area and you can find many characteristic local restaurants.

​		I sincerely hope that you could enjoy yourself in Leshan and it will be my pleasure to be your guide.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



## 2016

> Suppose you are a librarian in your university. Write a notice of about 100 words providing the newly-enrolled international students with relevant information about the library.

<p align="middle">Notice</p>

<p align="right">December 26, 2020</p>

​		Welcome to our university! As a librarian, I would like to provide some detailed information about our library.

​		First of all, you need to go to the service office in the second floor to get your card which is used to borrow books. In addition, the computers in the library are all connected to the Internet, and are all accessible to the students in our school. Last but not least, the openning hours of our library is from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.

​		In the end, we are so glad to hear that you have taken the opportunity to study in our university. I hope you will have good time here.

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



## 2015

> You are going to host a club reading session. Write an email of about 100 words recommending a book to the club members.

Dear Sir or Madam,

​		As the host of the club reading session, I am writing this email to recommend to you my favourite book, Three Body which is written by CiXin Liu. The primary cause of my recommendation are as follows.

​		To begin with, the Three Body trilogy tells the story of the rise and fall of the earth civilization in the universe. The novel involving human history, physics, astronomy, social science and philosophy, deeply discuss the humality from the perspective of science fiction. In addition, the novel has a huge structure and lofty conception, and is known as the most prominent contemporary science fiction in Chinese. It is a milestone in the Chinese science fiction literature, and will push China's science fiction to the world.

​	I hope the above information will help you to understand the book. It's my pleasure if you could read this novel and enjoy its wonderfulness.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>

<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



## 2014

> Write a letter of about 100 words to the president of your university, suggesting how to improve students' physical condition.

